easy on permanent French with the LCN
nail kit the males have been disinfected
the hygiene measures observed and the
nail is prepared for the treatment file
the nail in soft LCN file like here
during a refill dust the nail thoroughly
and cleanse with cleaner the nail is now
ready for the application of acid-free
LCN products we use the LCN nail kit the
proven LCN all-round product first apply
a very thin layer of LCN active nail
bond onto the natural nail use the
special active nail bond brush cure the
LCN active nail bond in the sky LED
light unit since there is still gel on
the nails after doing a refill apply LC
n FM pearl white directly as a French
design the new LC n protec brush fiber
can be perfectly shaped as desired so
you can draw a pun with a perfectly
pointed brush tip cure the permanent
French in the light unit
now refill the nail with LCM one
component gel one component resin F and
also cure this layer in the light unit
wipe the nail and file it into the final
shape
wipe off the dust
finally apply a layer of LCN glaze gel
the high gloss ceiling glaze gel is easy
to apply and doesn't run into the furrow
after curing wipe the surface again and
smooth the edges of the nail with a
polishing file
finally apply a care product to the
cuticles using the LCN bamboo cuticle
pen
you